hey this is our house yeah um oh yeah I
cameras broken so yeah it's looked like
this so yeah um Abby's recording it
clogs died yeah Claud I sucks Draculaura
still sad about it she's still saying hi
look at the camera my face trying to get
at her mm-hmm get away from me hmm and
we've been noticing that there was like
paranormal and stuff it was like but we
don't believe in that stuff so the heck
sounds so weird I know I didn't scare me
I know it was like more funny than scary
yeah it's almost midnight do you think
we should almost go to bed hey dude dude
dude what is not fair you're hitting on
a girl that boyfriend died okay so get
away Oh Oh get away okay just just get
away please do it nor me nor be I've
just changed to this sup Frankie sips it
you know there are you don't wait for me
I'm sorry I just felt stupid girls got
piece of me want a piece of me come here
ah sorry I'm sorry
Oh